>> Lukas Ruebbelke: One of the little
things that I wanna call out that I think
is really important, and
kind of by default we've done this,
or I've been very careful to
keep our services really clean.
In other words, you have a bunch of
these very small methods that are simply
calling the service.
So what bothered me is
what stateful service is,
is you would have part of your service
going and fetching the data, and
the other part like having
to like manage that state.
And its like, now this thing is doing two
different things, like what is going on?
Whereas here, we are allowing the service
to do one thing in this case.
We do have some additional like,
go get this thing, and
let's do some type of
observable transformation.
But for the most part,
these create, update and delete.
This is being offloaded
to the ECTP service, and
the control flow around
it is in the effect.
[INAUDIBLE] everything is building.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Check the effects.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: We'll just fix
these imports
real quick.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go.
And, that's [INAUDIBLE]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I
got a good feeling about this.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's check
the tools here, so I'm calling map
to make sure that in our effects,
that exist here.
So one thing that I am doing that
I will come back, and I'm so
used to on components
making everything private,
that you actually want
your payload to be public.
So that is one thing
that is muscle memory.
But in the case of your action object.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I don't think
this is going to change anything.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So Data Loaded.
Something I believe is going
wrong in the selector.
So, after a little bit of
debugging pair programming,
the issue is that in our barrel,
we were exporting the wrong selector.
And so, was quite possibly
just an oversight on my part.
But what was happening is that in
our low level selector,
I thought I was referencing this.
But instead, I was exporting this
one right here, which was breaking.
So, once I exported the correct selector
in the barrel roll here.
It fired right up.
And let me just run the server
to prove that it's working.
I also disabled my auto-import extension,
clearly not doing me any favors.
Thanks a lot, import.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
as soon as this builds,
I will demonstrate that we're doing
a round trip, and that's it's coming in.
And then I'll cut a branch.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: There we go.
So, what's happening here,
is we'll pull up Redux.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: You can see that we're
saying load data, which is then going.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And calling,
and loading the projects here,
and then resolving in
the data loaded down here.
And so just to review the effect
real quick, and what's happening.
If we go to project's effects,
we're listening for
a command event, like do this thing.
Which is then being picked up and
wrapping it in data persistence,
the data persistence library,
to provide us some additional protection.
Kind of some, guards against
asynchronous things going awry.
The big one being, pessimistic updates or
optimistic updates.
And then within the run block,
we're making or
initiating our asynchronous call,
which then completes as, or
when it then completes,
then we dispatch a new event.
So I think of this as
the completion event,
which gets picked up by the reducer.